Fold PR #931 triage lessons into the triage-trivy skill (#941)
naobservatory/mgs-workflow: CHANGELOG.md

# v3.3.0.1-dev

## Coding agents

> - Fold PR #931's triage lessons into the `triage-trivy` skill: count distinct CVEs rather than per-package findings, don't pin a package Trivy found only in SBOM metadata, and expect a second triage round after the user's rebuild. (#941)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve `triage-trivy` skill: count distinct CVEs rather than per-package findings, don't pin a package Trivy found only in SBOM metadata, and expect a second triage round after the user's rebuild. (#941)
```
